fifa with will be able cheap and fast and
in that description very good to all
and welcome to my channel welcome to
a new video and how he delivered a new
cheap team this time a team that you
you will be able to do it by simply
about 7000 coins and I assure you that the
performance that will give the team in
comparison to the coins that is worth
today they are very very few will be
impressive but always before
jealousy the team is supported with likes and
you support with I like it so what
I really appreciate it and if we can get there
at 100 likes it would be great so
let's start as always below
for the middle goal I have both already
in its version 80 I always half
I put the truth that
I think he's the best goalie in the league
Spanish but this one that went very well
I liked what I tried and I liked the
What I think is an alternative series to
squares plus it's cheaper so
I recommend it one hundred percent
if you have more coins then with that
I like it more but I'm sure
that will give you a great level
then in the area and we have the
left to bernat and to the right of
two quite fast laterals that
they defend quite well physically
they are also quite good and that
incorporate quite well to the attack on
all bernat
/ go down I still like it a lot
plants have flavor I think
they are two of the best gold centers
not bright they are íñigo martínez and
borgetti the two are pretty fast
physically both are very well on
all íñigo martínez and in the subject
defensive ones that come out like I say
I think they are one of the best
gold centers not bright for not
say the two best 9,000 hundreds of
effective we have starting with the
left to borja valero is a game that
gives a lot of balance to the whole field
to the whole team sorry and I like it a lot
in all aspects even
defensively
maybe physically he's missing a bit of
force but you 'll talk about that with the rest of
things that the rsc also does the physical
it's not a problem about everything that
like it is the long pass that has
has a great long pass at the time of
make game changes has managed to make
a pass to the forward or something to the media
offensive the long mostly comes off in
short, it's easier not to fail
any player could not fail in
short but long much more difficult
of frames fails very little in the pass of
long and then on the right we have a
player a little different one player more
defensive that is riding and that is not
uses a lot and the truth is that it has
liked quite as you see has
statistics in all above 70
the except the rhythm that 70 is a player
that has a good shot is turn and has
a good shot and then defensively something
which is very good in a strong color
high and had no problem the
truth is that by discard price 650
seven hundred coins you have here a
player that will join you opening in
defense and it will also work for us
well the message then the midfielder
offensive we have 3 started
from the center that he saved a player that
I used to use
midfielder defensive midfielder and
gradually he has gone up slightly
position and defensive gets out because
you can defend well with him now is
time to recover balls in the field
and that has gone a long way
cons but is that the resources that
has even the shot that has inside
of the area is an asshole and now it's
we've liked a lot more combat in how
defend after 1,102 men if you a
little more for bands is worth if it opens a little
more extreme bands are almost say
we have on the left the iago blades
because I had tried before
there was probable ahead and the age that
in front I did not like it a little more though
of my offensive center does not just
Like the time I think that for
buoys it's worth it's pretty good
but as he said of forward I liked it better
and then on the right we have the palace
a player than in any politician who
I put it always I just like it well
the statistics that are very very
impressive is the player who is worth
only about six hundred coins is a
fast game with a good shot even
he has a good pass and that his position
original is forward and as I say the one of
The forward is a beast but in my
profession I also liked a lot and
then up front we have Carlos
bacca
a player who has industries of
dribble has bad leg letters and for
that does not end I had not just tested
so far and when I tried it I said
thank goodness I decided to try it
because it's a fucking machine this guy does not
I have tried many league forward
Spanish but this one I think Suarez is
the only thing that can overtake him or some
but it is that for here I assure you that
is a fool is fast I think your
rhythm is around 85 86 even his
shot is a sure bet that inside
of the area you will not fail anything with this
uncle even with the left leg that
says he has not got you bullet leg but he's
that I have done everything with my leg
left to try it and I have not had
problem even marks more than one goal with
the left leg a burrada the
player in addition then he has 69 physical
sorry the rooster that you can think that
maybe because it's 60 and 95 is a gray color
but for it has 78 strength I think that
it's even a little over 181 but it's not
sure that in the field he fights a lot
the balls and win many balls
struggling only with the body of
done at the end of the video
how many goals have I put on purpose
Bayernn goals in which it looks like fight
with the center and always ends up winning and
Take off watching for speed and finish
defining super well inside the area
as I say goes with a player that if not
you have tried is not only technical but
any other try it because it's going to
love you I assure you
so nothing now I'm going to leave you some
how many goals for a little music
the song laments in the description that
I always see it as a question
also put in the team of fut that
in case you want to take a look and it 's
my mind on my twitter in case you want me
continue to assign ticos as you are always
in the next video until soon
now
yes
what good
they do not want to kill me the studies
yes